well in this video here we'll be doing a
demonstration on how to remove the
mirror on a Subaru Forester now this
particular model here I have is a 1999
first we wanna start by doing is
removing the door panel itself now I've
already done a tutorial video on this so
I'll link this video in the bottom of my
description next we want to move on to
is first we'll disconnect the wiring
harness itself here next we'll be also
removing the three Phillips screws
within here also in this video I'll
include how to replace the glass itself
remove the mirror you want to push it
all the way up so it is pushed in at the
top here and you want to actually pry it
out from the bottom side here now I've
already unclip the mirror itself because
it's kind of hard to show with one hand
doing the pulling the other one holding
the camera itself basically wanted we
just pop it out here you slide it down
like so just to give you an idea what
the clips look like on the back side you
can see there's the bottom clip right
there just clips into this portion here
and as for the top side here you can see
they're kind of pointing on the upwards
direction here which is why you can't
pull it from the top side and I do slide
into the two slots up here now when
putting the mirror back in what you want
to do is I could push the mechanism all
the way down so you can see from the top
side here how to slide these two in and
then once you have these two slid in it
just simply snaps in don't be afraid to
put a little pressure on these this
mirror somewhat durable so you can put a
little pressure and then it'll snap them
here now it's removing the plug itself
simply what you do is here is just a
little tab that slides into there and
it's a little clip on the top you just
want to depress and then pull straight
out now for removing the wiring on the
actual mirror assembly itself first
we're going to start by doing is
unclipping this portion here so all this
has here just a tab that you have to
depress just pops out of this harness
which is attached to the door next for
the other plug basically one do here is
depress this tab on the door attach the
door side itself and just pull it
straight out
now as for removing the actual assembly
off the door itself what you'll have
here is three Phillips screws located
right there once you remove those the
full mirror
we should just pop right out once you
pop the mirror assembly out you'll
actually have to feed through this
wiring irons just directly through that
little hole here and should be off now
once you have the mirror assembly off
you should have something looks like
this you can see on the backside there
just to give show you where all the
screw holes gold right there now thank
you for watching my tutorial video if
you have any comments or questions
please don't hesitate to post them below
also please subscribe to my channel and
rate this video thank you